<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
<title>Curls &amp; Contemplation - Dedication Page</title>
<link href="fonts.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<main role="main" epub:type="frontmatter dedication">
<div class="dedication-page" role="region" aria-label="Dedication Page">
<!-- Dedication title with drop cap D -->
<div class="title-container">
<div class="title-dropcap-container">
<span class="title-drop-cap">D</span>
<span class="title-remainder">EDICATION</span>
</div>
</div>

<!-- Dedication content -->
<div class="dedication-content">
<div class="text-container">
<!-- Dedication text with proper formatting -->
<p class="dedication-text first-line">For those who see beauty where others see only hair—those who transform strands into stories, and texture into testimony.</p>

<p class="dedication-text">To the artists whose hands tremble with excitement before they create, who see possibilities in every curl pattern and potential in every client. This is for you who have turned rejection into redirection, who understand that your uniqueness isn't a barrier but your greatest gift. Your fingertips hold magic that cannot be taught, only cultivated.</p>

<p class="dedication-text">To the apprentices standing nervously with combs in hand, questioning your place: I was once you. Your doubt is the shadow of your greatness waiting to emerge. Study every movement of those before you. The way they listen with their hands, the silent language between stylist and client. These moments contain universes of wisdom.</p>

<p class="dedication-text lighthouse">And to my lighthouse keepers in the storm—<span class="bold-name">Yusef Williams</span>, who taught me that technique without heart is just mechanical motion; <span class="bold-name">Naeemah Lafond</span>, whose fierce advocacy showed me our work transcends beauty to become cultural affirmation; and <span class="bold-name">Vernon François</span>, who helped me see that every curl has a voice if only we'd listen carefully enough—thank you doesn't begin to cover the debt. You didn't just shape my hands; you sculpted my vision. Every client I've ever made smile carries your influence in their reflection.</p>

<p class="dedication-text">To every hairstylist reading these words: our craft is ancient magic in a modern world. We don't just style hair—we hold stories between our fingers, build confidence with our brushes, and weave heritage into every strand we touch. This journey we share isn't just about mastering techniques but about becoming vessels for transformation.</p>

<p class="dedication-text last-line">The world is waiting for your signature touch.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</main>
</body>
</html>
