<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
<title>SMART Goal Setting Worksheet</title>
<link href="fonts.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<main role="main">
<div class="assessment-page single-page">
<!-- Title -->
<h1 class="assessment-title">SMART GOAL SETTING<br/>WORKSHEET</h1>
<div class="decorative-line"></div>

<!-- Introduction -->
<p class="introduction">
Setting clear, well-defined goals is the foundation of all professional achievement. The SMART framework transforms vague aspirations into powerful, actionable objectives that dramatically increase your likelihood of success. Each letter in SMART represents a critical quality that your goal must possess: <strong>Specific</strong>, <strong>Measurable</strong>, <strong>Achievable</strong>, <strong>Relevant</strong>, and <strong>Time-bound</strong>.
</p>

<!-- SMART Framework Section -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-header">
<div class="section-line"></div>
<div class="section-title">THE SMART GOAL FRAMEWORK</div>
<div class="section-line"></div>
</div>

<div class="inspiration-container">
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>S - Specific:</strong> Define what exactly will be accomplished, who's involved, where it will happen, and why it's important. <br/><em>Vague:</em> "I want to improve my coloring skills."<br/><em>Specific:</em> "I will master balayage techniques for creating natural-looking dimension on dark hair."</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>M - Measurable:</strong> Include concrete criteria for tracking progress and determining goal achievement. <br/><em>Vague:</em> "I want to grow my social media presence."<br/><em>Measurable:</em> "I will increase my Instagram followers from 500 to 2,000 and maintain a 5% engagement rate."</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>A - Achievable:</strong> Ensure the goal is possible with current resources and constraints while still stretching abilities.<br/><em>Unrealistic:</em> "I will double my client base in one month without marketing."<br/><em>Achievable:</em> "I will add 2 new clients per week through referrals and optimizing my online presence."</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>R - Relevant:</strong> Align the goal with broader professional vision and core values to ensure it's worthwhile. <br/><em>Irrelevant:</em> "I'll learn nail art" (for a hairstylist building a hair-only salon)<br/><em>Relevant:</em> "I'll develop expertise in creative updos to expand bridal services."</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>T - Time-bound:</strong> Set a clear deadline to create urgency and support prioritization.<br/><em>Open-ended:</em> "I'll eventually take a business course."<br/><em>Time-bound:</em> "I will complete a salon business certification by December 31st."</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<!-- SMART Goal Worksheet -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-header">
<div class="section-line"></div>
<div class="section-title">SMART GOAL WORKSHEET</div>
<div class="section-line"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Goal Description</strong></div>
<p>Write a brief description of what you want to achieve. Don't worry about making it SMART yet.</p>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>SMART Components</strong></div>

<div class="question-text">S - Specific: What exactly will you accomplish? What specific skills, knowledge, or outcomes are you targeting?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>

<div class="question-text">M - Measurable: How will you track progress and know when the goal is reached? What metrics will indicate success?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>

<div class="question-text">A - Achievable: Is this realistic with current resources and constraints while still stretching you? What obstacles exist and how will you overcome them?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>

<div class="question-text">R - Relevant: How does this align with your larger vision and contribute to your growth?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>

<div class="question-text">T - Time-bound: By when will you accomplish this? Set a deadline and milestones.</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Refined SMART Goal Statement</strong></div>
<p>Rewrite your goal in a complete SMART format.</p>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="columns-container">
<div class="column">
<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Resources Needed</strong></div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Action Steps</strong></div>
<div class="question-text">1. <span class="line-container"></span> By: <span class="line-container"></span></div>
<div class="question-text">2. <span class="line-container"></span> By: <span class="line-container"></span></div>
<div class="question-text">3. <span class="line-container"></span> By: <span class="line-container"></span></div>
</div>
</div>

<div class="column">
<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Check-in Dates</strong></div>
<div class="question-text"><span class="line-container"></span> <span class="line-container"></span> <span class="line-container"></span></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text"><strong>Commitment:</strong> I am fully committed to achieving this goal.</div>
<div class="question-text">Signature: <span class="line-container"></span> Date: <span class="line-container"></span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<p class="closing-text">For optimal results, focus on 2-3 SMART goals at a time. Complete a separate worksheet for each goal, balancing them across different areas of your hairstyling career: technical skills, business development, client experience, and personal well-being.</p>

<div class="section-separator"></div>
</div>
</main>
</body>
</html>
