<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
<title>Doodle Section Worksheet</title>
<link href="fonts.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<main role="main">
<div class="assessment-page single-page">
<!-- Decorative top -->
<div class="elegant-divider"></div>

<!-- Title -->
<h1 class="assessment-title">DOODLE SECTION</h1>
<div class="decorative-line"></div>

<!-- Introduction -->
<div class="introduction">
Sometimes the most profound creative insights emerge when we set aside structured thinking and allow our hands to move freely. This doodle space is your sanctuary for visual exploration—a place where you can sketch hairstyle concepts, experiment with shapes and patterns, or simply let your mind wander graphically.
</div>

<!-- Two-column layout -->
<div class="columns-container">
<!-- Left column -->
<div class="column">
<!-- The Power of Visual Thinking -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">THE POWER OF VISUAL THINKING</div>
<div class="inspiration-container">
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Bypass creative blocks</strong> by shifting from analytical to intuitive thinking</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Visualize potential styles</strong> before executing them on clients</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Explore abstract concepts</strong> like texture, movement, and balance</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Capture fleeting inspirations</strong> that might otherwise be lost</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Process complex emotions</strong> about your creative journey</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Develop your unique artistic signature</strong> through repeated visual expression</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<!-- Doodling Prompts -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">DOODLING PROMPTS FOR HAIRSTYLISTS</div>
<p>If you're not sure where to begin, try one of these prompts:</p>
<div class="inspiration-container">
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Sketch 5 different part line patterns that create visual interest</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Draw a hairstyle inspired by an architectural structure</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Visualize how different hair textures would respond to the same cut</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Sketch a color placement diagram for a dimensional look</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Draw abstract shapes that represent your signature style</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Visualize your creative journey as a winding path or map</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Sketch a hairstyle inspired by an element of nature</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text">• Draw the emotions you want clients to feel in your chair</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<!-- Approaches to Creative Doodling -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">APPROACHES TO CREATIVE DOODLING</div>
<div class="inspiration-container">
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Mindful Scribbling:</strong> Allow your pen to move across the page without judgment or planning. Focus on the sensation of the pen touching the paper and the shapes that emerge organically.</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Concept Sketching:</strong> Use simple lines and shapes to quickly capture hairstyle ideas. Focus on the overall silhouette, movement, and proportion rather than precise details.</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Pattern Play:</strong> Create repeating patterns inspired by braiding techniques, color placement, or cutting patterns to explore rhythm and visual texture.</div>
</div>
<div class="inspiration-item">
<div class="inspiration-text"><strong>Visual Mapping:</strong> Create diagrams that connect different ideas, techniques, or influences in your work, revealing unexpected relationships.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<!-- Right column -->
<div class="column">
<!-- Creative Canvas -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">Your Creative Canvas</div>
<div class="answer-space" style="min-height: 12em; border: 2px solid #ddd; border-radius: 4px; background: #fff;"></div>
</div>

<!-- Reflection on Your Doodle -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">REFLECTION ON YOUR DOODLE</div>
<p>After you've completed your doodle, reflect on the experience:</p>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text">What surprised you about what emerged on the page?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text">What elements might you incorporate into your hairstyling work?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>

<div class="question-container">
<div class="question-text">How did doodling feel different from your usual creative thinking?</div>
<div class="answer-space"></div>
</div>
</div>

<!-- Making Doodling a Regular Practice -->
<div class="section">
<div class="section-title">MAKING DOODLING A REGULAR PRACTICE</div>
<p class="introduction">
Consider incorporating visual thinking into your regular creative practice. Even five minutes of doodling before or after client sessions can unlock new perspectives and keep your artistic vision fresh. Remember, this practice is about the process of exploration rather than creating polished final artwork.
</p>
<p class="introduction">
You might want to create a small sketchbook dedicated to hairstyle concepts and inspirations that you can carry with you to capture ideas whenever they strike. Date your doodles to track the evolution of your visual thinking over time.
</p>
</div>

<!-- Closing -->
<p class="closing-text">
Remember, there are no rules in doodling—let your imagination flow freely. The most valuable doodles are often the ones that surprise you, revealing thoughts and inspirations you didn't know were within you.
</p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="section-separator"></div>
</div>
</main>
</body>
</html>
