<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Bibliography – Curls &amp; Contemplation</title>
    <meta name="description" content="Comprehensive bibliography and recommended reading for conscious hairstylists."/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
  </head>
  <body epub:type="bibliography">
    <h1>Bibliography</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Allen, T. D., L. T. Eby, M. L. Poteet, E. Lentz, and L. Lima. "Career Benefits Associated with Mentoring for Protégés: A Meta‑Analysis." &lt;em&gt;Journal of Applied Psychology&lt;/em&gt;, 2004. https://psycnet.apa.org/fulltext/2004-15660-007.html.</li>
      <li>Allure. "The Secret Behind Rihanna's Iconic Hairstyles: Meet Ursula Stephen." &lt;em&gt;Allure&lt;/em&gt;, April 18, 2017. https://www.allure.com/story/ursula-stephen-hairstylist-rihanna.</li>
      <li>Allure. "Kim Kimble: Celebrating Natural Hair." 2018. https://www.allure.com/story/kim-kimble-interview.</li>
      <li>Allure. "Jen Atkin: From Couch to Celebrity." 2019. https://www.allure.com/story/jen-atkin-profile.</li>
      <li>American Association of Cosmetology Schools. "Innovative Training for Diverse Hair Types." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aacs.org/initiatives/diverse-hair-training.</li>
      <li>American College of Sports Medicine. "Benefits of Stretching and Strength Training." 2021. https://www.acsm.org.</li>
      <li>American Psychological Association. "The Importance of Setting Boundaries for Mental Health." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org.</li>
      <li>American Psychological Association. "Building Resilience: How to Bounce Back." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.apa.org/topics/resilience.</li>
      <li>American Salon. "Career Development for Hairstylists." 2021. https://www.americansalon.com/career-development.</li>
      <li>American Salon. "Jayne Matthews on Small-Group Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.</li>
      <li>American Salon. "How to Prepare for a Master Portfolio Review." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.americansalon.com.</li>
      <li>Atkin, Jennifer. &lt;em&gt;Blowing My Way to the Top: How to Break the Rules, Find Your Purpose, and Create the Life and Career You Deserve&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Harper Wave, 2020.</li>
      <li>Aveda. "Aveda Education." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.aveda.com/education.</li>
      <li>Aveda Institutes. "Curriculum Overview: Textured Hair and Product Science." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.avedainstitutes.edu/programs/textured-hair.</li>
      <li>Bandura, Albert. &lt;em&gt;Self‑Efficacy: The Exercise of Control&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Worth Publishers, 1997. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.uky.edu/~eushe2/Bandura/Bandura1997EP.pdf.</li>
      <li>Beauty Innovation Institute. "Getting Started with AI in Beauty: A Beginner's Guide." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.beautyinnovation.org.</li>
      <li>BeautyTech Review. "Bread Beauty Supply: From Kitchen Startup to Eco‑Conscious Powerhouse." June 15, 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.beautytechreview.com/bread-beauty-supply-eco.</li>
      <li>Behind the Chair. "The Benefits of Shadowing in Hairstyling." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.behindthechair.com.</li>
      <li>Behind the Chair. "Mentorship in Freelance Hairstyling: Success Stories." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.behindthechair.com.</li>
      <li>Breslin, Marquetta. "Building a Thriving Lace Wig Business." &lt;em&gt;WWD&lt;/em&gt;, 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marquetta-breslin-profile.</li>
      <li>Bundles, A'Lelia. &lt;em&gt;On Her Own Ground: The Life and Times of Madam C.J. Walker&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2001.</li>
      <li>Byrdie. "An Interview with Celebrity Hairstylist Kim Kimble." &lt;em&gt;Byrdie&lt;/em&gt;, 2017. https://www.byrdie.com/kim-kimble-interview.</li>
      <li>Cash, Thomas F., and T. A. Pruzinsky. "The Role of Physical Appearance in Shaping Self‑Perception: Implications for Mental Health." &lt;em&gt;Psychology and Health&lt;/em&gt; (2002).</li>
      <li>Christensen, Clayton M. &lt;em&gt;The Innovator's Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail&lt;/em&gt;. Boston: Harvard Business Review Press, 1997.</li>
      <li>Coffey, Tabatha. &lt;em&gt;It's Not Really About the Hair&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Penguin Group, 2006.</li>
      <li>CROWN Coalition, The. "About the CROWN Act." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.thecrowncoalition.org/about.</li>
      <li>Cutting, Paul, Richard Ross, and Robert Hill. &lt;em&gt;Hairdressing: Theory, Science and Practice&lt;/em&gt;. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1988.</li>
      <li>DevaCurl. "DevaCut Training Program." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.devacurl.com/professionals/devacut.</li>
      <li>Diversity in Design Magazine. "Inclusive Salon Design: Celebrating Diversity Through Décor." October 5, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.diversityindesignmag.com/inclusive-salon-design.</li>
      <li>Doran, George T. "There's a S.M.A.R.T. Way to Write Management's Goals and Objectives." &lt;em&gt;Management Review&lt;/em&gt; 70, no. 11 (1981): 35–36.</li>
      <li>Dweck, Carol S. &lt;em&gt;Mindset: The New Psychology of Success&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Random House, 2006. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mindsetworks.com.</li>
      <li>Dyson. "Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer." 2023. https://www.dyson.com/hair-care/dyson-supersonic.</li>
      <li>Dyson, James. "How Olaplex Revolutionized Hair Repair." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.olahpex.com.</li>
      <li>EcoTools. "Our Commitment to Sustainability." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.ecotools.com/sustainability.</li>
      <li>Entrepreneur. "Time Management Tips for Busy Professionals." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.entrepreneur.com.</li>
      <li>Escandon, G. "How Vernon François Went From Braiding Mops to Brand Founder." &lt;em&gt;Modern Salon&lt;/em&gt;, May 25, 2021. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/121820/how-vernon-francois-went-from-braiding-mops-to-brand-founder.</li>
      <li>Essence. "Ursula Stephen on Networking at New York Fashion Week." 2019. https://www.essence.com/style/ursula-stephen.</li>
      <li>Essence. "How Independent Stylists Are Changing the Game." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.essence.com.</li>
      <li>Ess, Kristin. "Beauty Independent Interview: Kristin Ess on Digital Networking." 2019. https://www.beautyindependent.com/kristin-ess-interview.</li>
      <li>Estée Lauder Companies. "Harnessing AI for Demand Forecasting." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.elcompanies.com/en/news-and-media.</li>
      <li>European Hair Professionals. "The Hair Has No Gender Project: Fostering Inclusive Beauty." 2020. https://www.europeanhairpro.com/HHNG.</li>
      <li>Farr, Liz. &lt;em&gt;Hairdressing Design: A Salon Handbook&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Delmar Cengage Learning, 2012.</li>
      <li>Forbes. "The Power of Strategic Partnerships in Business Growth." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com.</li>
      <li>Forbes. "How to Measure the ROI of Continuing Education." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com.</li>
      <li>Forbes. "How Miko Branch Built Miss Jessie's Into an Iconic Beauty Brand." May 1, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2020/05/01/how-miko-branch-built-miss-jessies-into-an-iconic-beauty-brand/.</li>
      <li>FreshBooks. "Why Cloud Accounting is Essential for Freelancers." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.freshbooks.com/en-gb/cloud-accounting.</li>
      <li>Freelancers Union. "Health Insurance Options for Freelancers." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.freelancersunion.org.</li>
      <li>Gibson, Ted. "Behind the Chair Interview: Ted Gibson on Networking." 2018. https://behindthechair.com/interview/ted-gibson.</li>
      <li>Goldstein, Daniel. "The Extended Mind in Creative Practice: How Tools Become Extensions of Ourselves." &lt;em&gt;Creativity Research Journal&lt;/em&gt;, 2021. https://www.creativityresearchjournal.org/extended-mind.</li>
      <li>Goleman, Daniel. &lt;em&gt;Working with Emotional Intelligence&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Bantam Books, 1998.</li>
      <li>Granovetter, Mark. "The Strength of Weak Ties." &lt;em&gt;American Journal of Sociology&lt;/em&gt; 79, no. 6 (1973): 1360–1380. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.jstor.org/stable/2776392.</li>
      <li>Green Circle Salons. "Sustainable Beauty: Recycling in Salons." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.greencirclesalons.com.</li>
      <li>Greener Salon &amp;amp; Spa. "Our Sustainability Journey." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.greensalonsa.com/sustainability.</li>
      <li>Hairbrained. "Hairbrained Mentorship Program." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairbrained.me.</li>
      <li>Hairstyle Authority. "Low‑Tension Protective Styles for Natural Hair." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstyleauthority.com/low-tension-protective-styles.</li>
      <li>Hairstylist Insider. "Johnny Wright: From Celebrity Cuts to Innovative Products." August 15, 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylistinsider.com/johnny-wright-celebrity-innovator.</li>
      <li>Hairstylist Today. "How MoKnowsHair Leveraged Digital Platforms for Growth." March 10, 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/moknowshair-digital-growth.</li>
      <li>Hairstylist Today. "Niche Marketing for Texture Specialists." May 10, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hairstylisttoday.com/niche-marketing-texture.</li>
      <li>Harper's Bazaar. "Guido Palau: The Man Behind the Modern Look." 2014. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.</li>
      <li>Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Redefining Beauty Standards." 2021. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.</li>
      <li>Harper's Bazaar. "Vernon François: Championing Textured Hair." 2021. https://www.harpersbazaar.com/beauty/hair.</li>
      <li>Harvard Business Review. "The Value of Peer Feedback in Professional Development." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.</li>
      <li>Harvard Business Review. "How Interactive Engagement Drives Customer Loyalty." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.</li>
      <li>Harvard Business Review. "The Power of Small Leadership Acts." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org.</li>
      <li>Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. "The Nutrition Source." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource.</li>
      <li>Healthline. "Quick Self‑Care Tips." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.healthline.com.</li>
      <li>Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Ecclesiastes 4:9. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ecclesiastes+4%3A9.</li>
      <li>Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Proverbs 22:1. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+22%3A1.</li>
      <li>Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Proverbs 27:17. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Proverbs+27%3A17.</li>
      <li>Holy Bible, The. New International Version. 2011. Psalm 78:72. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+78%3A72.</li>
      <li>Hootsuite. "Social Media Marketing Best Practices." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hootsuite.com/resources/social-media-marketing.</li>
      <li>Hootsuite. "The State of Digital Marketing." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hootsuite.com/resources.</li>
      <li>HubSpot. "Marketing Automation Essentials." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.hubspot.com.</li>
      <li>Intuit. "QuickBooks Online." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://quickbooks.intuit.com.</li>
      <li>Intuit. "QuickBooks Online." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://quickbooks.intuit.com/freelancers.</li>
      <li>Journal of Environmental Psychology. "The Impact of Sensory‑Aware Design on Customer Experience." 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.journalofenvironmentalpsychology.com/sensory-design.</li>
      <li>Journal of Ethnic Studies. "Traditional Hairstyling Techniques and Cultural Significance." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.jes.org.</li>
      <li>Kabat‑Zinn, Jon. &lt;em&gt;Full Catastrophe Living: Using the Wisdom of Your Body and Mind to Face Stress, Pain, and Illness&lt;/em&gt;. Delta, 1990.</li>
      <li>Keller, Kevin Lane. &lt;em&gt;Strategic Brand Management&lt;/em&gt;. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall, 2003.</li>
      <li>Kram, Kathy E. &lt;em&gt;Mentoring at Work: Developmental Relationships in Organizational Life&lt;/em&gt;. Glenview, IL: Scott, Foresman, 1985.</li>
      <li>Lafond, Naeemah. "Inside Amika: Naeemah Lafond's Vision." &lt;em&gt;Modern Salon&lt;/em&gt;, 2019. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/naeemah-lafond.</li>
      <li>LinkedIn Learning. "How to Evaluate Online Courses." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.linkedin.com/learning.</li>
      <li>L'Oréal. "The Role of AI in Modern Beauty." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.loreal.com/en/innovation/ai-beauty.</li>
      <li>L'Oréal. "Revolutionizing Beauty: AI‑Driven Product Innovation." &lt;em&gt;Harvard Business Review&lt;/em&gt;, June 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://hbr.org/2020/06/ai-in-beauty.</li>
      <li>McKinsey &amp;amp; Company. "The Beauty Industry in the Age of COVID‑19." 2020. https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/beauty.</li>
      <li>Mensah, Charlotte. &lt;em&gt;Good Hair&lt;/em&gt;. 2020. https://www.goodhairbook.com.</li>
      <li>Mercer, Kobena. &lt;em&gt;Welcome to the Jungle: New Positions in Black Cultural Studies&lt;/em&gt;. London: Routledge, 1994.</li>
      <li>Metropolitan Museum of Art, The. "Hair and Wigs in Ancient Egypt." Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/hair/hd_hair.htm.</li>
      <li>Mielle Organics. "Our Story: Celebrating Natural Beauty." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mielleorganics.com.</li>
      <li>Mielle Organics. "Our Product Philosophy: Moisture &amp;amp; Healing." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.mielleorganics.com/our-story.</li>
      <li>Modern Salon. "Pricing Guide for Professional Hair Tools." 2021. https://www.modernsalon.com/pricing-guide.</li>
      <li>Modern Salon. "Nick Stenson's Suburban Networking Strategies." 2020. https://www.modernsalon.com/article/2020/06/nick-stenson.</li>
      <li>Modern Salon. "Revenue Diversification Strategies for Freelancers." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/revenue-diversification.</li>
      <li>Modern Salon. "Tabatha Takes Over: How Self‑Care Powers High‑Profile Stylists." November 20, 2015. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/tabatha-takes-over-self-care.</li>
      <li>ModiFace. "Augmented Reality in Beauty: Transforming Client Consultations." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modiface.com.</li>
      <li>NAHA. "North American Hairstyling Awards." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nahaawards.com.</li>
      <li>National Institutes of Health. "Hair Biology: Cultural and Genetic Diversity in Hair Structure." 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nih.gov/hair-biology.</li>
      <li>Naturtint. "Naturtint: Natural Hair Color Solutions." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.naturtint.com/about-sustainability.</li>
      <li>NaturallyCurly. "Curl Typing System." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.naturallycurly.com/curltyping.</li>
      <li>Nelms, Nikki. "Transparency in Beauty: How Clear Pricing Builds Trust." &lt;em&gt;Modern Salon&lt;/em&gt;, November 20, 2019. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.modernsalon.com/transparency-in-beauty-nikki-nelms.</li>
      <li>New York Times, The. "Redefining Beauty: The Rise of Natural Hair." April 15, 2018. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/15/style/natural-hair-beauty.</li>
      <li>Nielsen. "Global Trust in Advertising Report." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/insights/report/2021/global-trust-in-advertising/.</li>
      <li>Ouidad. "The Carve and Slice Technique." 2017. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.ouidad.com/professionals/curl-cutting.</li>
      <li>Palau, Guido. &lt;em&gt;Hair: Guido&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Rizzoli International Publications, 2013.</li>
      <li>Perfect Corp. "How AR is Revolutionizing Beauty Consultations." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.perfectcorp.com/ar-beauty.</li>
      <li>Professional Beauty Association. "Interview with Mark Townsend on Introvert Networking." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.probeauty.org.</li>
      <li>Project Management Institute. &lt;em&gt;A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK® Guide)&lt;/em&gt;. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management Institute, 2017.</li>
      <li>Ragins, Bernard R., and K. E. Kram, eds. &lt;em&gt;The Handbook of Mentoring at Work: Theory, Research, and Practice&lt;/em&gt;. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 2007.</li>
      <li>Reyes, Marco. "Editorial Profile: Marco Reyes on Mentorship in High‑Fashion Hair." &lt;em&gt;WWD&lt;/em&gt;, 2018. https://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/hair/marco-reyes-profile.</li>
      <li>Salesforce. "Salesforce CRM for Small Businesses." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salesforce.com.</li>
      <li>Salon Business Journal. "Cost Efficiency in Salon Equipment: A Comparative Analysis." 2022. https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com/cost-efficiency.</li>
      <li>Salon Business Journal. "Economic Resilience Strategies for Hairstylists." 2022. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salonbusinessjournal.com.</li>
      <li>Salon Today. "Building Your Signature Style: Post‑Mentorship Strategies." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salontoday.com.</li>
      <li>Salon Today. "The Rise of Freelance Hairstylists." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.salontoday.com.</li>
      <li>Sassoon, Vidal, and Michael O'Donnell. &lt;em&gt;Vidal: The Autobiography&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Macmillan, 2010.</li>
      <li>Senge, Peter M. &lt;em&gt;The Fifth Discipline: The Art &amp;amp; Practice of The Learning Organization&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Doubleday, 1990.</li>
      <li>Sinek, Simon. &lt;em&gt;Start With Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action&lt;/em&gt;. New York: Portfolio, 2009. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.startwithwhy.com.</li>
      <li>T3 Micro. "Innovative Hair Styling Tools." 2023. https://www.t3micro.com/hair.</li>
      <li>TextureTalk. "Inclusion in Cosmetology: The Need for Textured Hair Education." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.texturetalk.com/inclusion-cosmetology.</li>
      <li>TextureMedia. "Professional Education for Textured Hair." n.d. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.texturemedia.com/education.</li>
      <li>Thomas, D. "Ted Gibson's Journey of Empowering Clients Through Hairstyling." &lt;em&gt;Essence&lt;/em&gt;, June 20, 2019. https://www.essence.com.</li>
      <li>U.S. Chamber of Commerce. "Community Education Opportunities." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.uschamber.com.</li>
      <li>U.S. Financial Literacy and Education Commission. "Financial Wellness and the Importance of an Emergency Fund." 2016. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-markets-financial-institutions-and-fiscal-service.</li>
      <li>U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Salon Safety and Sanitation Guidelines." 2020. https://www.osha.gov/salon-safety.</li>
      <li>U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics in the Workplace." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics.</li>
      <li>U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration. "Ergonomics for Hairdressers." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.osha.gov/ergonomics/hairdressers.</li>
      <li>Umberson, Debra, and Jennifer K. Montez. "Social Relationships and Health: A Flashpoint for Health Policy." &lt;em&gt;Journal of Health and Social Behavior&lt;/em&gt; 51, suppl. (2010): S54–S66. https://doi.org/10.1177/0022146510383501.</li>
      <li>UNESCO. "Cultural Heritage and Traditional Skills." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.unesco.org.</li>
      <li>United States Environmental Protection Agency. "Sustainable Management in Service Industries." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.epa.gov/smm.</li>
      <li>Vogue. "Chris Appleton on the Art of Celebrity Hairstyling." 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/chris-appleton-interview.</li>
      <li>Vogue. "How Celebrity Stylists Pivoted During the Pandemic." 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/celebrity-stylists-pandemic.</li>
      <li>Vogue. "Tokyo Stylez: The Journey of a Self-Taught Stylist." 2019. https://www.vogue.com/article/tokyo-stylez-interview.</li>
      <li>Vogue. "How Top Stylists Mentor the Next Generation." 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.vogue.com/article/top-stylist-mentorship.</li>
      <li>Vogue Business. "The Lip Bar: Redefining Beauty Through Sustainability." May 1, 2020. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.voguebusiness.com/beauty/the-lip-bar.</li>
      <li>Wella Professionals. "Trade Show Education: Strategies for Maximizing Value." 2021. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.wella.com.</li>
      <li>Williams, Yusef. "Profile: Yusef Williams on Creative Mentorship." &lt;em&gt;Vogue&lt;/em&gt;, 2020. https://www.vogue.com/article/yusef-williams-interview.</li>
      <li>YouTube. "Educational Channels for Hairstylists." 2023. Accessed March 8, 2025. https://www.youtube.com.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
